Minecraft YouTubers used to be called
like the diamond minecart or popular
MMOs. Now we got dudes with names like
Plurve and Blurfs. Oh my god, they
weren't kidding when they said every
Minecraft YouTuber is named some shoot
like Blur or Zer nowadays. Every
Minecraft YouTuber now is called some
shoot like Tinky Bippo or Dorg. And they
all talk the same exact way. Now I've
addressed the blob skin epidemic. A
yearly reminder I made mine before it
was cool. But now we're facing the weird
short username epidemic. And I think
it's for two reasons. First, it's good
for branding. Having numbers in your
username isn't really good for that. And
second, people like getting these short
Minecraft names. And since most things
are taken, you end up with this jumble
of letters and then that becomes their
YouTube name because they don't want to
end up with this at the end of their
username.